And I think that we've reached the end of this module.
Time to wrap it up.
What did you learn in this module?
Well, you saw one of the most important applications of the Reflection API,
which is the creation of object relational mappers.
Of course, the one you saw is a very, very simple object relational mapper,
but even the more complex ones are working using the same principles.
You saw how to introspect an object,
how to read its state internally without knowing it,
and how to set the state to given values using the Reflection API.
You saw how to store it in a database,
and this is really how the object relational mapping
frameworks are working currently.
Of course, they are doing things in a much more sophisticated way,
but the basic principles are there.
And by the way, the other mappers, the XML mappers,
the JSON mappers, are also working like that.
And that's it for this module.
Thank you for watching it.
I hope you found it interesting.
In the next module, you are going to see how to work with methods.
So far, we have used the Reflection API to access the fields of object.
The Reflection API also gives access to the methods of objects,
and this is what we are going to see in the next module of this course.
I hope to meet you there. Thank you.